okay guys I was funding a one more shop
nice it's gonna look great right here
this way thank you tight up I'm Annie I
need you Titans gonna be great okay
thank you beautiful
now we are gonna be all I can say is I
hope you'll continue to make the
community a better place hey man you
know for a cop you ain't so bad man you
know give it up the streets man hey
officer McCready this is Nico right yeah
this is my man Nico oh good to meet you
I hear you're helping this guy with his
vital work for our city well no I'm just
a tourist look Manny I gotta go all
right keep doing what you're doing
Thank You officer thanks yeah you know
what's a real big thing for me you know
what I'm saying a real street cat to
start working with the gatekeepers of
the community to make things better I
mean we're out from out here man police
it's a dirty word Manny I've got things
to do you off yo man I was getting my
flow on man I ain't black for years I
was one of them care to invented that
shit man I went commercial yeah like
charity work shit man I'm the voice of
the streets man yo if I'm gonna make
some money that's the way she's gonna be
all right I'm just saying whatever man
fucking Punk
yo listen homeboy I need you to do me a
favor man listen man I need you to help
me out man I need you to get some
bitches taken out moved on whatever cuz
your I promised miss McReady I was gonna
get this place cleaned up and I will
okay how money a bunch man a bunch
they're hanging out and making bad shit
happen all over South Bohan man they're
over a moon Mill Street right now all
right
what did they do man they disrespected
the clothes of the streets man the
streets man they owe you man they owe
you big-time as long as they pay over
here man I'm on you yo that's what I'm
saying man streets
we got codes man you know what I'm
saying we live by these codes you know
what I mean